Cart icon not to be visible if user is not logged in. - Done
Login/Register to replace Logout. - Done
Hero section to be center aligned. - Done
Images for all the sections on homepage. - Not required
Expand images - Done
UI update.- Done
fix mens and womens add to cart - Done
About page to be consistent - Done
Add Docker image
Promote to git
Deploy on render
Cart count on mobile
Cart page render on mobile

Changes implemented after discussion with maam-

Header color - Same as footer. - Done
Register: Mobile Number - Done
Hajj/Umrah
Repace Abaya with 1. Dupatta 2. Makhni
Lady Gloves - Hand Gloves
Lady Socks - Socks
Replace Travel bag with Shoe Bag
Replace Compass with Qibla Compass
Fragrance-free Soap
Stitching Kit
Indiviual background image - Ehramm men and women 
Hero section on homepage mobile view
Update address, phone
Admin changes - item name, price, quantity, total price
Make individual faces visible on desktop view
Admin Login - User details
Compressed images pending
About us images required?
Data initializer
Images view
Git
Make logo backgroundless 
Women's Kit image breaking - still breaking on individual screen
Fetch item name instead of item id for users - breaking
Hero section on mobile display
Cart images breaking on mobile view
Replace the new ai images with the old ones
Dashboard link when admin logs in
------------------------------------

Awaiting Response:
Razorpay integration
Payment mode - Online
Register details requirement - full name, address, mobile num, mail
Order Tracking

mongodb+srv://mongodbdummy689:5dODsTJQrjnejaQm@cluster0.oaz4i2d.mongodb.net/hajjUmrah?retryWrites=true&w=majority&appName=Cluster0

Done changes discussed with Client:
Changes to be tested: 
Change header to add Product - Men's, Women't, Indiviual, Tofah-e-khulus, Mini, Bag-On-Rent - Done
Change name to - Men's Hajj/Umrah Kit, Women's Hajj/Umrah Kit,
Main page - turn it into slideshow - Men's kit - Women's Kit - Customizable kit (Tofah-e-khulus)
Change font style - Eshal above hajj and umrah store
Featured packages - Hajj & Umrah Kits

Changes:
Add to cart without registration
Registration - during payment
Change mail to mobile number
Add a note with * against the price tags saying Extra shipping charges
Remove company logos from images
Replace pocket with mixed one
Exact product prices - Admin update

Changes for Proceed to checkout- 
Mobile notifications for purchase - 9923067286
full name, transaction id, address: flat no, apt name, floor, street name, nearby landmark , city, pincode
Order Tracking - Your product will be shipped within 24 hours and will be delivered within 5-7 days. 
Your courier tracking id will be provided once the product is shipped.


Services to be implemented:
Razorpay, Tillio, Google Maps API


Changes done for pending info:
Descriptions for kits:
[2:03 PM, 5/20/2025]  Description for kits
[2:04 PM, 5/20/2025]  Men’s Hajj & Umrah Kit
Description:
Our thoughtfully created Men’s Hajj & Umrah Kit ensures that you are Umrah ready. From Ihram to all essentials Umrah Items, each product is selected to meet the needs of Umrah with ease and comfort in mind.
What’s Included:(kit items below)
[2:04 PM, 5/20/2025]  Women’s Hajj and Umrah Kit:
Our Women’s Hajj & Umrah Kit is thoughtfully designed to make your Umrah Journey more comfortable and stress-free. With carefully selected essentials tailored for women, this kit helps you stay organized, modest, and at ease throughout your journey.

Mini Umrah Kit for Men/Women - 
Eshal Umrah Mini kit - Men
1) Ehram
2) Ehram Belt
3) Tawaf Tasbeeh
4) Oder less soap
5) Finger Couner
6) Chappal Bag
7) Umrah Dua Card
7 items price Rs.1000/-

Eshal Mini Kit - Women
1) Makhani
2) Dupatta
3) Hand gloves 
4) Socks 
5) Cap
6) Tawaf Tasbeeh
7)Oderless Soap
8)Finger Counter 
9)Chappal Bag
10) Umrah Dua Card

10 items price Rs.900/-
Tofah-e-khulus - Done
Bag-On-Rent - TBD
Janamaz - Images
Tag line on homepage 

To be provided: 
Kit images on homepage featured categories
To be provided - Kit (Box) images to be added on pages
Janamaz - Prices
Shipping standard charges - TBP
Team images & details to be added

Services to be added: 
Payment gateway - Razorpay details
Messaging service - Twilio
Address service - Google Maps API


Fix the mobile view.

Suggestions for website

7)	On first page of Individual items – pull the matter up side,  now it is hiding kaaba image

Please note the following fixes as per the suggestions on 21/5/25-

1)	Eshal name should be in the same font of branding everywhere
	Changes - Since same font style isn't feasible/available, instead used Eshal image wherever possible.
2)	It should be Hajj & Umrah and not Hajj/Umrah.
	Changes - Replaced all occurences of Hajj / Umrah with Hajj & Umrah throughout the site.
3)	Kit’s pic should be there instead of scattered items…it is not giving feel of kit
	- Each kit pic required (men's/women's mini kit) as discussed prior. Kit pics similar to Tofah-e-khulus kit pic.
4)	Along with kit – items description in short (providing below with separate image)
	Changes - Revised Men's Hajj & Umrah Kit page for demonstration purposes. Added a View All Items Detials button to display larger images with corresponding item descriptions. Replaced original mens-kit image with the one provided.
5)	For mini kit also content of items should be written on page
	- Same changes as demonstrated in Men's Hajj & Umrah Kit page can be applied to all kit items pages if approved.
6) 	It should be Eshal’s Umrah Mini Kit – likewise change everywhere ( not Mini Umrah kit)
	Changes - Renamed Men's Mini Umrah Kit & Women's Mini Umrah Kit to Eshal’s Umrah Mini Kit throughout all occurences in the site.
8)	In the individual items lot of changes required for the item names – not soap it should be Odourless Soap, Socks should be Ladies Socks, Hajj & Umrah Guide as well Card, Tasbeeh in place of prayer beeds, about travel janamaz, get clarity from us in person as it is appearing at three places with different name & actually it is one product. It should be named as Travel Janamaz with Compass, it should be Sewing Kit instead of stitching kit etc. Likewise lots of changes are required.
	Changes - All the mentioned item name changes have been applied.
9)	Separate tab for Janamaz is provided hence it should maintain there itself.
	Changes - Removed all occurences of Janamaz under Individual page and now Janamaz is visible under following two pages - Janamaz and Tohfa-E-Khulus- Janamaz image on Tofah-e-khulus is also changed to refer image from Janamaz page.
10)	It should be “Trolley Bags on Rent” instead of “Bag on Rent”
	Changes - Renamed all occurences of "Bag On Rent" with "Trolley Bag On Rent" throughout the site.
11)	Trolley Bags on Rent page should have key notes of guidelines which is provided today.
	Changes - Reduced the number of points from 11 to 6, making it more concise and easier to read. Added section headers for each point. Used more professional language throughout. Organized related information into logical groups.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Suggestions on 22/5/25-


Janamaz details with quality wise price will be given seperately - Pending

Please note the following fixes as per the suggestions on 22/5/25-

Fixed all kit pages : Men's Kit, Women's Kit, Men's Mini Kit & Women's Mini Kit with the same changes as demonstrated on 22/5/25 on Men's page for item description to be viewed in modal. Changed the button styling to match the styling of Add to Cart. Added an info section detailing number of items in each kit and price.

items shown in the view all items details, there should be some sequence of items shown i.e. Ehram, Ehram Belt, Travel Janamaz, Universal Adaptor, odourless Soap, Tasbeeh, Tawaf Tasbeeh, Digital Tasbeeh, Ittar, Surma, Prayer Cap, Meswak, Cotton Napkin, Umrah Guide, Umrah Dua Card, Sewing Kit, Chappal Bag, Kit bag (total 17+ items)
- Fixed sequence of items in both Kit items and View All Items Details as per the stated sequence for Hajj & Umrah Kit for Men.

In Hajj & Umrah Kit for Women - all items should appear in the pic & in sequence of Makhani, Namaz Dupatta, Handglows, Socks, Cap, Travel Janamaz, Universal Adaptor, odourless Soap, Tasbeeh, Tawaf Tasbeeh, Digital Tasbeeh, Surma, Cotton Napkin, Umrah Guide, Umrah Dua Card, Sewing Kit, Chappal Bag, Kit bag (total 17+ items)
- Fixed sequence of items in both Kit items and View All Items Details as per the stated sequence for Hajj & Umrah Kit for Women.

why travel mat bag ?? it is the part of Travel Janamaz
-Removed the item Travel Mat bag since it's part of Travel Janamaz.

Min kits for men & women should at 3rd and 4th rank on top
-Moved Mini Kit for Men to 3rd position and Mini Kit for Women at 4th position in the Products drop down.

Eshal's Umrah Mini Kit for Men - Renamed as stated.
In Mini Kit for Men - add all items as detailed earlier - Fixed.

In Tohfa e Khulus - add all items as given earlier. Janamaz, Tasbeeh, Namaj Cap, Miswak, Finger counter. Zamzam water bottle ( 60 ml), Khajur ( 4 nos.), surma, Makhani, Namaj Dupatta, Big Rumal - Added.
Please note: The UI is under development for image display on Tohfa e Khulus page for each item.

Trolly Bag on Rent - 
6. instead of Registration use Booking - Fixed.

Team Members 
First - Saleha Farooque Shaikh - Proprietor 
Second - Junaid Farooque Shaikh- Founder & CEO
Third - Farooque Mahibub Shaikh - Customer Service Manager
-Updated About Us with Team Member names and title.

Changes on Individual Items page:
In individual items - in the title of Hajj & Umrah Guide ( remove as well as card line as this was commonly suggested for both
- Removed as well as card for Hajj & Umrah Guide and fixed it to Hajj & Umrah Guide and Hajj & Umrah Dua Cards.
In the Individual category - what is complete kit ???? for men and women
-Updated Men's Complete Kit and Women’s Complete Kit to match Eshal's Hajj & Umrah Kit for Men and Eshal's Hajj & Umrah Kit for Women respectively.
Use same wording everywhere e.g. Tasbeeh, some places you have mentioned Prayer Beeds .... like wise you need to keep standard items names
-Fixed item names and descriptions to be consistent across pages.

Instead of "Individual Package" can we find out some other suitable and attractive title?
-Please find below some of the options to replace "Individual Package":
Custom Hajj & Umrah Essentials
Build Your Hajj & Umrah Kit
Personalized Hajj & Umrah Items
Select Your Hajj & Umrah Supplies
Hajj & Umrah Item Selection
Choose Your Hajj & Umrah Essentials
Hajj & Umrah Items Marketplace
Customize Your Hajj & Umrah Journey
Hajj & Umrah Supplies Collection
Select Your Spiritual Journey Items

you said about changing the bag images...at front
-Added a new professional looking background image on Trolley Bag on Rent page.

Cover all the items in individual category...
-As discussed earlier, all items are displayed on Individual Items page except for Janamaz since it was suggested to be displayed only on Janamaz page and Tohfa-E-Khulus page. Should I add Janamaz category back on Individual page? If yes, do you want to display all Janamaz or any specific types?

Image of Travel Janamz should be changed
-Fixed images that were being cropped. In case, the Travel Janamaz image still should be changed on Men's Kit and Women’s Kit, please let me know which image.

Suggestion from 21/5/25
3)	Kit’s pic should be there instead of scattered items…it is not giving feel of kit
- Updated Men's and Women’s Kit images to give a feel of a full kit instead of scattered items.

Git commands -
git status
git add .
git commit -m "message"
git pull
press i (i for insert)
write your merge message
press esc (escape)
write :wq (write & quit)
then press enter
git push origin HEAD:main

Fixed:
Tohfa-E-Khulus page UI fix
Apply Kit images on homepage
To be fixed:
Fix Hero images to be responsive on all pages
Admin - Set Prices